README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/akveo/ngx-admin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/akveo/ngx-admin)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ng2-admin/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/ng2-admin/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/akveo/ngx-admin/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/akveo/ng2-admin)
# Admin template based on Angular 4+, Bootstrap 4 and <a href="https://github.com/akveo/nebular">Nebular</a>
<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/XoJtfvK.gif"/></a>

### What's included:

- Angular 4+ & Typescript
- Bootstrap 4+ & SCSS
- Responsive layout
- High resolution
- Flexibly configurable themes with **hot-reload** (2 themes included)
- Authentication module with multiple providers
- Lots of awesome features:
  - Buttons
  - Modals
  - Icons
  - Typography
  - Animated searches
  - Forms
  - Tabs
  - Notifications
  - Tables
  - Maps
  - Charts
  - Editors
  
And many more!

### Demo

<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/">Live Demo</a>

### ng2-admin
We will continue supporting ng2-admin version, but if you are starting from scratch we recommend using ngx-admin version. Unfortunately, there is no way to update from ng2-admin to ngx-admin, but some parts (Nebular components) could be manually included.

### Angular 1.x version
Here you can find Angular 1.x based version: [Blur Admin](http://akveo.github.io/blur-admin/)
 
## Documentation
This template is using [Nebular](https://github.com/akveo/nebular) modules set, documentation and other useful articles could be found [here](https://akveo.github.io/nebular/#/docs/installation/based-on-starter-kit-ngxadmin).


## BrowserStack
This project runs its tests on multiple desktop and mobile browsers using [BrowserStack](http://www.browserstack.com).

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/131406/22254249/534d889e-e254-11e6-8427-a759fb23b7bd.png" height="40" />

### How can I support developers?
- Star our GitHub repo :star:
- Create pull requests, submit bugs, suggest new features or documentation updates :wrench:
- Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/akveo_inc) :feet:
- Like our page on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/akveo/) :thumbsup:

### Looking for engineering services? 
Visit [our homepage](http://akveo.com/) or simply leave us a message to [contact@akveo.com](mailto:contact@akveo.com). We will be happy to work with you!

### From Akveo
Made with :heart: by [Akveo team](http://akveo.com/). Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/akveo_inc) to get the latest news first!
We're always happy to receive your feedback!

Commit message:

docs(readme): add info about starter kit (#1488)

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/akveo/ngx-admin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/akveo/ngx-admin)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/ng2-admin/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/ng2-admin/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/akveo/ngx-admin/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/akveo/ng2-admin)
# Admin template based on Angular 4+, Bootstrap 4 and <a href="https://github.com/akveo/nebular">Nebular</a>
<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/XoJtfvK.gif"/></a>

### What's included:

- Angular 4+ & Typescript
- Bootstrap 4+ & SCSS
- Responsive layout
- High resolution
- Flexibly configurable themes with **hot-reload** (2 themes included)
- Authentication module with multiple providers
- Lots of awesome features:
  - Buttons
  - Modals
  - Icons
  - Typography
  - Animated searches
  - Forms
  - Tabs
  - Notifications
  - Tables
  - Maps
  - Charts
  - Editors
  
And many more!

### Demo

<a target="_blank" href="http://akveo.com/ngx-admin/">Live Demo</a>

## Documentation
This template is using [Nebular](https://github.com/akveo/nebular) modules set, [here you can find documentation and other useful articles](https://akveo.github.io/nebular/#/docs/installation/based-on-starter-kit-ngxadmin).

### ng2-admin
We will continue supporting [ng2-admin](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin/tree/ng2-admin) version, but if you are starting from scratch we recommend using `ngx-admin`. Unfortunately, there is no way to automatically update from ng2-admin to ngx-admin, but some parts (Nebular components) could be manually included.

### Empty starter kit
Don't need all the pages and modules and just looking for an empty starter kit for your next project? Check out our [starter-kit branch](https://github.com/akveo/ngx-admin/tree/starter-kit).

### Angular 1.x version
Here you can find Angular 1.x based version: [Blur Admin](http://akveo.github.io/blur-admin/)

## BrowserStack
This project runs its tests on multiple desktop and mobile browsers using [BrowserStack](http://www.browserstack.com).

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/131406/22254249/534d889e-e254-11e6-8427-a759fb23b7bd.png" height="40" />

### How can I support developers?
- Star our GitHub repo :star:
- Create pull requests, submit bugs, suggest new features or documentation updates :wrench:
- Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/akveo_inc) :feet:
- Like our page on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/akveo/) :thumbsup:

### Looking for engineering services? 
Visit [our homepage](http://akveo.com/) or simply leave us a message to [contact@akveo.com](mailto:contact@akveo.com). We will be happy to work with you!

### From Akveo
Made with :heart: by [Akveo team](http://akveo.com/). Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/akveo_inc) to get the latest news first!
We're always happy to receive your feedback!
